Add Cypress to Test Analytics Javascript collectors (#2653)
buildkite/docs: pages/test_analytics/javascript_collectors.md

    }
    ```

### Cypress
To configure Cypress:

1. Make sure Cypress runs with access to [CI environment variables](/docs/test-analytics/ci-environments).

> 1. Update your [Cypress Configuration](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/references/configuration)

Reviewer: Thanks for your contribution @nprizal 😄 

Just a minor suggestion, 'Configuration' is not a proper noun so I'd make this a small 'c'. Also in line with the previous step, I've added a full stop/period after the end of the line.

```suggestion
1. Update your [Cypress configuration](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/references/configuration).
```

Also, I've been updating our documentation style guide, such that we now have separate writing and Markdown syntax style guides. (The latter guide still has content about how the docs repo is structured, but that'll be brought out into its own separate 'contributors guide' at somepoint soon.)

Anyway, here's a bit about [usage of capitalisation - particularly with Product Names](https://github.com/buildkite/docs/blob/main/styleguides/writing-style.md#product-names-and-product-features).

    ```js
    // cypress.config.js

    // Send results to Test Analytics
    reporter: "buildkite-test-collector/cypress/reporter",
    ```

> 1. If you would like to pass in the API token using a custom environment variable, you can do so using the `reporterOptions`.
> 
>     ```js
>     // cypress.config.js
> 
>     // Send results to Test Analytics
>     reporterOptions: {
>       token_name: "CUSTOM_ENV_VAR_NAME"
>     }
>     ```

Reviewer: Since this is not a separate step, but is part of step 2, I'd make this a [callout that's part of a list](https://github.com/buildkite/docs/blob/main/styleguides/markdown-syntax-style.md#callouts-within-lists).

```suggestion
    **Note:** To pass in the API token using a custom environment variable, add the `reporterOptions` option to your Cypress configuration:

    ```js
    // cypress.config.js

    // Send results to Test Analytics
    reporterOptions: {
      token_name: "CUSTOM_ENV_VAR_NAME"
    }
    ```
```

Author: Oh! This is so much better ✨
